Recommend the Visual Studio SPA project templates (#30333)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/introduction-to-aspnet-core.md

## Client-side development

> ASP.NET Core integrates seamlessly with popular client-side frameworks and libraries, including [Blazor](xref:blazor/index), [Angular](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-angular), [React](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-react), [Vue](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-vue), and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/). For more information, see <xref:blazor/index> and related topics under *Client-side development*.

Reviewer: I'd like to elevate Blazor here as our built-in full stack offering.

```suggestion
ASP.NET Core includes [Blazor](xref:blazor/index) for building richly interactive web UI, and also integrates with other popular frontend JavaScript frameworks like [Angular](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-angular), [React](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-react), [Vue](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-vue), and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/). For more information, see <xref:blazor/index> and related topics under *Client-side development*.
```

## Client-side development

> ASP.NET Core integrates seamlessly with popular client-side frameworks and libraries, including [Blazor](xref:blazor/index), [Angular](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-angular), [React](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-react), [Vue](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-vue), and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/). For more information, see <xref:blazor/index> and related topics under *Client-side development*.

Reviewer: Isn't this version of the text specific to .NET Core versions prior to 3.0? Blazor didn't ship until .NET Core 3.0.

Author: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core integrates seamlessly with popular client-side frameworks and libraries, including [Angular](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-angular), [React](/visualstudio/javascript/tutorial-asp-net-core-with-react), and [Bootstrap](https://getbootstrap.com/). For more information, see the topics under *Client-side development*.
```
